## Development
	"As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. It was on one of my journeys between the EDSAC room and the punching equipment that 'hesitating at the angles of stairs' the realisation came over me with full force that a good part of the remainder of my life was going to be spent finding errors in my own programs." * Maurice Wilkes

	## Browser Developer Tools
		* allow developers to debug and test ideas directly in the browser
		* usually provide a JavaScript console for debugging
		* show the HTML, CSS, and JS files that makes up the webpage
		* 3D view of webpage (FireFox)

	* Minification: The process of removing all unnecessary characters from source
									code without changing its functionality. These unnecessary characters usually include white space characters, new line characters, comments, and sometimes block delimiters, which are used to add readability to the code but are not required for it to execute. Minified source code is especially useful for interpreted languages deployed and transmitted on the Internet (such as JavaScript), because it reduces the amount of data that needs to be transferred.

	### Tools:
		#### Sublime Text
			Text editor with added funtionality for programming.

			* When the colour of the filename in tab is not grey, this means that the file
				has changes that have not been saved.
			* Tip: Type lorem and hit the tab button to get a paragraph of dummy text

		#### Codepen.io
			A "sandbox" for creating and editing HTML, CSS, & JavaScript.

		#### Normalize.css
			This is a open-source css file that normalizes css properties across browsers and fixes some styling quirks.

	### Version Control
		Handles the management of changes to documents and programs. It allows for the developer to manage multiple versions of the same codebase.

		* Examples of Version Control Systems:
			* Git
			* Bazaar
			* Subversion
			* Mercurial

	### Best Practices
		* Don't use spaces in file names; use hyphens if necessary
